ARRAY QUESTIONS
----------------
Calculate the sum of all elements in the array.
Find the index of a specific element in the array.
Print an array in reverse order
Sort the elements of the array in ascending order.
Replace all negative elements in the array with zeros.
Sort the elements of the array in descending order.

Find the largest element in the array.
Find the smallest element in the array.
Calculate the average of all elements in the array.
Find the average of even elements in the array.
Find the average of odd elements in the array.
Reverse the elements of the array.
Insert an element at a specific position in the array.

Delete an element from a specific position in the array.
Merge two arrays into a third array.
Find the second largest element in the array without sorting (Assume no elements are repeating)
Find the second smallest element in the array without sorting (Assume no elements are repeating)
Find prime numbers in an array

Find the frequency of all elements in the array.
Find unique elements in an array
Find array elements that occur exactly three times
Remove duplicates from the array.
Find the element that appears more than n/2 times in the array.

Delete two elements after occurrence of a prime number
Find average of prime numbers numbers in an array
Find average of non prime numbers numbers in an array
Separate even and odd elements into two separate arrays.

Delete three elements after occurrence of a non prime number
Find third largest element without sorting (Assume no elements are repeating)
Find third smallest element without sorting (Assume no elements are repeating)

Write a program in C to move all zeros to the first without sorting (Don’t change order of elements)
Find the kth largest element in the array (Assume no elements are repeating)
Find the kth smallest element in the array (Assume no elements are repeating)

Write a program in C to move all negative elements to the first without sorting (Don’t change order of elements)
Write a program to find the average of all unique array elements.
Write a program to find the most repeated element in an array

Write a program to merge two unsorted arrays in sorted order ?
Write a program to move all negative numbers to right and positive numbers to left in an array 
Write a program to separate prime and non-prime numbers in separate arrays

Write a program to count the frequency of each element of an array. Delete the element if frequency is greater than half the size of array
Write a program in C to sort an array in descending order to the left from middle and in ascending order to the right from middle.

Write a program to find the array elements those frequencies are even and delete the array elements with frequency of odd
Write a program to move all multiple of three to the end of a given array and remove multiples of 2
Write a program to count all negative numbers and move to beginning of a given array and find average of non-negative numbers

Write a program to find the unique largest prime number in an array.
Write a program to find multiples of 3 and insert its double after that element
Write a program to find the smallest multiple of 5 in an unsorted array and delete largest element

Write a program to find the largest non-prime number in an unsorted array.
Write a program to delete two elements after the occurrence of an even number which is also multiple of 10
Write a program to find the most repeated element in an array and delete two elements after the same (Delete two elements after last element)

Write a program to read n number of values in an array and replace all the unique multiples of 5 and 11 by it’s index position
Sort the array and replace elements in an even position with ‘0’ and remove unique odd numbers.
Write a program to find the average of all the unique prime numbers in an array





